personal beauty she make another video
slap your blog lino last year one
legal contact in several people
talking to me and a couple of three
people asked me my life should
have more want to know about it too
This was the issue of the
to buy to start developing
to destroy
so I 'll talk a little about the
main components of the main
our project which is indispensable
rest I think goes from each one in such a way
that each one wants to do but I will give
idea is also the main thing is this here
Only the weights are the sensors .
your
I bought here most of 27
millimeter minor issues
I bought for most of the pieces
then for the normal disc pads to
most I met those who are older
35 mm sound off to fight for
pieces that requires a little more the city
for example box clear out of the box
that we have with a little bigger
because it does not vibrate so much in so beautiful
It has to be a bit more for the dome
of the plate that we are going to make a
small foot up there then these
the bigger ones will rise to this
the second thing is the non-
be very cool to have cameras are
the resistors is that of the question of a
mega an agreement he is is green if
enjoy
I can not see it later, I put it on the list.
he is but he is black and brown green of a
mega 1 bet on it
is a receiver for each sensor already
if you buy buy more or less the same
quantity and other sounds of other
your smaller partners here
the game has to be 5 point to see is 5
v12 is inscribed 5 and 15 points in the
I'll put it on the list later, too.
here there is also a snag for each
access
this turned out to be a bit
coat to put everything back in tune and
his it is to balance a little
plus the current gets a signal was the most
balance of receiving the principal is
that
logically that for this you will then
need to drop
who does not have a fever and only the
prisoners and the loose is also basically
this adrian is already connected so it is
you had an Arduino and it is with that the only
which calls itself the board to brad pitt
you connect the components without
loosen all the wires
so you have these pieces here one of
inem to brad pitt will connect as read
khey a return of gold and the children
joking the guys to us testing
to be able to take it seriously to test
After I'm ready, I'll make a
scheme on a circuit board
printed to leave everything soldier
quiet to have the network wires
I advise you to take a network cable
take that blue cape off his yellow
out
yesterday 3 for example in white green and
green blue and white and a work that
Bad you take, we already talked 2 so you can
to use it better, to stay is easy to
fit strong point too
then I looks cut several already left for
precise power is the essential is this
I think it's because of you for the pets there.
pro is asked each will each think of the
way you think you do best with a
drum tone with rubberized wood
in the form of heat or other
form or another important part that
still has doubts on how to do is the pedal
soccer racket penal controller
I started by doing with this sensor that the
micro switch with ours in another video
but I saw that I am the fourth title in the
cd receives a signal is semide that it
can overcome where he will receive the
sign opened and closing you can is
to get involved and for this maybe people
use in a pot as soon as possible.
wheel with your church the volume to avoid
a potential yesterday
so everything is cheap the television has
12 reais here I paid a 2 to 3 reais
also if you want to buy a
indicator about the night I probably
I'll try to do this only if I do not
Okay, we try to meet you, but I think.
which will be a lot better still in t
because pomegranate decided recently it was
says there personal of the basic suggestions is
That's it, it 's how I said it.
make a plaquinha but who is a plaque
printed circuit board
I'm going to run to me, you do not have to stay.
active by placing phil directly or
connect all via p 10 top 10 in trading
Here boon to guitar critical to
This one, then I'll connect onu.
asks the battery to connect a pen 10 and
worth another one on the plate will be the
mode
what is not connected with the line will
take another point already then the signal
positive and negative will pass through the cable
pm 10 and I know it turned on the pet and sic
on fashion
so if you want to buy the
connectors wines team 10 or is can
to be fashionable in the case that is external
because he did not have a year but could be a
even though I'm positive and
and the few pedestrians of that
by people with the coast also
also let loose the few roles
or if you want to do something else
shape with another type of connector may
be of 2 that the smallest I do not know how to do
what to do with direct wire with
these daughter type connectors sleep
in those male if he wants it will define
these things will stab the
our best
The basic thing is that I showed the whole
weight managers other four and the board
for you connected and the movies that you
to play the same network cable and
Old I'm going to like this all on the list
below what is needed is
optional you need to talk more and it's
this you have any questions you can get in
contact me by blog or by
email on the blog has the contacts not only
ask for the Jewish state